Modified authoring docs to adhere to style guide (#64)
devfile/docs: docs/modules/user-guide/partials/proc_defining-kubernetes-resources.adoc

= Defining Kubernetes resources

[role="_abstract"]
Use Kubernetes or OpenShift resource lists to describe complex deployments. Use devfiles to reference Kubernetes or the OpenShift resource lists; referencing them makes them part of the workspace.

.Procedure

[IMPORTANT]
====
* Because a devfile workspace is internally represented as a single deployment, all resources from the Kubernetes or OpenShift list are merged into that single deployment.

> * Be careful when designing such lists because they can result in name conflicts, creating problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Be careful when designing such lists because they can produce name conflicts.
```
